{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Microsoft Sans Serif;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue10;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red40\green40\blue40;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\cf1\lang255\kerning1\f0\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb240\sa160\sl252\slmult1\qc\lang16393\b\fs40 Department of Medical Oncology\lang255\b0\fs24\par
\lang16393\b\fs32 Treatment Summary\lang255\b0\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sa160\sl252\slmult1\qj\lang16393\b\par
\pard\hyphpar0\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\cf0\lang9\ul\f1 DIAGNOSIS\ulnone :\line\kerning0\b0 CARCINOMA LUNG - PROGRESSIVE DISEASE\par
\pard\lang16393\ul\b CO-MORBIDITIES : \ulnone\b0\line Systemic Hypertension\line Dyslipidemia\par
Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus\par
\par
\pard\hyphpar0\sa160\sl252\slmult1\qj\kerning1\ul\b DRUG ALLERGY\ulnone :\line\lang255\b0 Not known\lang16393\b\par
\pard\ul CHIEF COMPLAINTS\ulnone :\line\kerning0\b0 Mr. Devassy N V, 64-yrs-old male, evaluated elsewhere for cough, loss of appetite and loss of weight. CT chest showed \lang3081 Right upper lobe spicuated lesion with multiple lung mets; Liver mets, adrenal mets and bone mets. Lung biopsy done revealed invasive adenocarcinoma. Came here for further evaluation and management. MRI brain done showed\b  \b0 enhancing lesions in the superior aspect of the right cerebellar hemisphere as described - in the context of metastases elsewhere, these need to be considered as metastatic lesions, there is no mass effect at present, small focus of enhancement in the diploid space of the posterior aspect of the right parietal bone suggesting metastasis. MRI Whole spine revealed e\lang16393 xtensive vertebral metastases, metastastic deposits also in the right iliac blade, left iliac crest, the right femoral neck and head  and mulitple hepatic metastases. In view of systemic disease, asymptomatic for brain lesion, he was started on chemotherapy. He received chemotherapy with Carboplatin/Pemetrexed for four cycles followed by maintenance Pemetrexed, post 4 cycles. Reassessment CT chest done showed minimal increase in right upper lobar primary lesions with mild increase in the mediastinal lymphnodal size, increase in size and number of hepatic metastatic lesions, features consistent with progression of disease. In view of disease progression, he was started on second line chemotherapy with Nivolumab, post cycle 6 on 5/5/2018. CT chest done on 19/5/2018 showed features s/o disease progression. In view of that he was initiated on next line chemotherapy with Docetaxel regimen, which he completed 6 cycles on 01/09/2018. Reassessment CT chest done was consistent with stable disease. He was on follow up. CT chest done on 01/12/2018 showed increase in the size and number of the hepatic metastases\par
Minimal Increase in the size, increase in the size of all the previously documented the lung metastases, Findings consistent with disease progression.\line In view of progressive disease, he was advised to start on next line chemotherapy.  Post 2 cycles reassessment \lang3081 CT chest\lang16393  showed e\lang3081 xcellent response; most of\lang16393  \lang3081 the lung lesions are hardly seen now\lang16393 . \lang3081 US abdomen\lang16393  showed 14mm l\lang3081 iver lesion\lang16393 .Admitted for chemotherapy.\line\par
\pard\hyphpar0\sa160\sl252\slmult1\qj\kerning1\ul\b EXAMINATION\ulnone :\b0  \line Vitals stable\lang255\par
\lang16393\ul\b PRE CHEMO INVESTIGATIONS\ulnone :\line\b0 Within normal limits\lang255\par
\lang9\ul\b CHEMOTHERAPY GIVEN\ulnone :\line CYCLE \lang16393 3 \lang9 DAY \lang16393 15\lang9  (\lang16393 16\lang9 /0\lang16393 2\lang9 /2019)\line\b0 Inj. DEXONA 4 mg slow IV bolus\line\line Inj. NAVELBINE 44 mg in 100 ml NS over 10 min\line\ul\b\line DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS\ulnone :\line\lang16393\b0 Tab. ULTRACET 1 tab if needed for pain\line Tab. LYSER FORTE 1-1-1 x 3 days\b\par
\lang9\kerning0\b0 Tab AMARYL 1 mg OD x 1 month (To be continued)\line Tab CETAPIN 1tab 1-0-1 x 3 weeks (To be continued)\line Tab TELISTA AM 1/2 - 0 - 1/2 x 3 weeks (To be continued)\line\kerning1\ul\b\line REVIEW ON\ulnone\b0 : \line\lang16393 03\lang9 /0\lang16393 3\lang9 /2019 - CBC\lang16393 , RFT, SGPT, ALP and RBS reports\lang9\line\line\lang16393\ul\b CONDITION AT THE TIME OF DISCHARGE\ulnone :\line\b0 Stable\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sa160\sl252\slmult1\qj\cf1\ul\f0 POST CHEMOTHERAPY INSTRUCTIONS\ulnone :\lang255\b0\par
\lang16393\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\lang9\b0       1. Ask your doctor any doubts regarding disease and treatment.\lang255\par
\lang9       2. There is no specific diet recommended after chemotherapy.\lang255\par
\lang9       3. Check blood counts in between and SMS your doctor (if requested).\lang255\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li720\sa160\sl252\slmult1\qj\lang9 4. Do blood investigations prior to next cycle of chemotherapy as requested by your doctor.\lang255\par
\lang9 5. Please inform your regular medications to your doctor.\lang255\par
\lang9 6. Bring day care chemotherapy card with you.\lang255\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\lang9       7. Avoid over the counter medications/ alternative medicine unless allowed by your doctor.\lang255\par
\lang9       8. If you develop fever more than or equal to \lang16393 100 F or severe vomiting, tiredness, contact the     \tab hospital/ Doctor immediately\lang255\par
\lang16393       9. Please have the discharge summary with you when you call your doctor.\lang255\par
\lang16393       10. Please note down Emergency numbers:\lang255\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sa160\sl252\slmult1\qj\lang16393\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\li720\sa160\sl252\slmult1\qj\par
Rajagiri Hospital: \i 0484-2905000\i0\tab\tab\lang255\b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sa160\sl252\slmult1\qc\lang16393\b\i\fs28\ldblquote Wish you a speedy recovery\rdblquote\lang255\b0\i0\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sa160\sl252\slmult1\lang16393\fs22 Name and Signature of Consultant\lang255\fs24\par
\lang16393\fs22\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\lang1033\b Dr. Sanju Cyriac, MD (General Medicine), DM (Medical Oncology), DNB\lang255\b0\fs24\par
\lang1033\fs22 Consultant - Medical Oncology\tab\tab\tab\tab\lang255\fs24\line\lang1033\fs22 Rajagiri Hospital\lang255\fs24\par
\lang1033\fs22 Phone no: +91 9747880036\tab\lang255\fs24\line\lang1033\fs22 E-Mail: \cf2\ul sanju.cyriac@rajagirihospital.com\cf1\lang255\ulnone\fs24\par
\lang1033\fs22\par
\b Dr. Subi T. S., MS (General surgery AIIMS, DELHI), MCh (Surgical Oncology, TATA, MUMBAI)\lang255\b0\fs24\par
\lang1033\fs22 Consultant - Surgical Oncology\tab\tab\tab\tab\lang255\fs24\line\lang1033\fs22 Rajagiri Hospital\lang255\fs24\par
\lang1033\fs22 Phone no: +91 8547737149\tab\lang255\fs24\line\lang1033\fs22 E-Mail: \cf2\ul subi.ts@rajagirihospital.com\cf1\lang255\ulnone\fs24\par
\lang1033\ul\fs22\par
\ulnone\b Dr. Varun Rajan MD (Internal Medicine), DM (Medical Oncology)\lang255\b0\fs24\line\lang1033\fs22 Consultant - Medical Oncology\tab\tab\tab\tab\lang255\fs24\line\lang1033\fs22 Rajagiri Hospital\lang255\fs24\par
\lang1033\fs22 E-Mail: \cf2\ul varun.rajan@rajagirihospital.com\cf1\lang255\ulnone\fs24\par
\pard\line\cf0\lang16393\kerning0\b\fs22 Dr. Ayesha Jaleel,DMRT,DNB(Radiation Oncology)\par
\lang1033\b0 Consultant \tab\tab\tab\tab\lang255\fs24\line\lang1033\fs22 Rajagiri Hospital\par
\pard\cbpat5\cf1\lang16393\kerning1\fs24 Phone no: +91 \cf3\kerning0 9645884553\par
\cf1\kerning1\fs22 E-Mail: \cf2\ul ayesha.jaleel@rajagirihospital.com\cf3\kerning0\ulnone\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\cf1\lang1033\kerning1\fs22  \lang255\fs24\par
\pard\cf0\lang1033\kerning2\b\fs22 Ms. Anooja  Jose\b0\par
Physician Assistant\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Rajagiri Hospital\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\cf1\kerning1\fs17\par
\par
\pard\cf4\highlight5\kerning0\b\i\fs22 Rajagiri Telemedicine Service\b0  - Video Consult with your doctor,\lang16393  \lang1033 from the comfort of your home, using laptop/Mobile and Internet. To book a tele-consult, e-mail to\lang16393  \ul telemedicine@rajagirihospital.com\cf0\highlight0\lang1033\ulnone\i0\f2\fs17\par
}
